Hey everyone,
I hope you enjoyed this lesson, and
lets take a quick look back at
what we introduced this lesson.
So, we started with what is VoIP,
and we introduced new flavors of VoIP,
just touched on it on the surface.
>> What is VoIP?
Why do we use VoIP?
The flavors of VoIP.
>> We vent more into depth
of the different flavors,
ATA, IP phone, voice computer,
computer calling.
>> And then finally, we covered some
common applications, interesting facts and
how you can apply it to your own
projects using the DragonBoard.
Using whatever, you know?
>> Right.
And so hopefully in the coming course,
the following courses,
you'll get to see more of this and
hope you stay tuned.